Welcome to this video, on getting started with hapi js.
In this video, we'll quickly go over the goals of this framework as
well as the tools and resources available to you as a developer.
To get to the hapi js website, go to hapijs.com.
As we've seen they pitch themselves as
a rich framework for building applications and services.
They're selling point is that it allows developers to focus on writing
reusable application logic instead of spending time building infrastructure.
This makes it super quick and simple to get started building
applications and it's a great fit for the project we'll be working on in this course.
Right on the front page they show you how to install
this framework using npm install hapi,
which we'll be doing in just a minute.
Scrolling down a bit they go right in and show you
how to start building an application for yourself.
You will initialize with your package.json saving hapi.js as a dependency,
and below that is the script we'll use to start up and run your application.
Back up at the top of the page,
you'll get access to documents,
resources, tutorials and a community of developers that can help you out along the way.
Looking over at the resources,
you can see the books that they recommend to get started.
Books are great, but sometimes it take a lot of commitment to get through,
especially if your main focus isn't on mastering hapi js.
In that case, you can go down a little further
and see different resources like code samples,
boilerplates, projects, tutorials, and videos.
These are excellent ways to get more ideas for what you can accomplish using hapi js.
Finally, head over to tutorials to help get started
with installing and creating your Hello World application.
We'll be working through this next,
but since we've been through a few of these now,
you might feel comfortable trying it for yourself.
If so that's great,
but if you'd rather walk along with me,
then we'll be going through it in the next video and I'll see you there.